ccclxxxii reunion

of topographicel interest. From Touetone in the Red
Book we arrivs vio Tovertone end Thorlovertone in the
Tecto at Thorlectom from Thaneworde (i.c.,Oheueworde),
through Cheleswurde of the Pipe Rolls, at ottlwortl.

Αοο, which eluded identification for nearly two years,
wes found ee Hoccyhocthfflill in Lincolnshire.
Angoteby, which is entered under Yorkshire, is pro-
bebly the old locel neme oi Oschhy nenr Resem
Kerlintone appears es one of e betch oi Oumberlend
end Weetmorelend place-names which ere entered under
Lcnceshire. A fictitious Leucestrien history hes been
given to it (ce to eo mcny other pleces end humilies)
hythe county historinn, who describes it ns Gerleton.
It is reelly Fac-leton in Westmorelend, for we heve
scen that the scribe's exemplet confused Fend K.¹

It hes tehen meuy months to identify, even pcrticlly,
the Kentish ploce-nemos elene, for three seperate lists
occur· of the ward-fece oi Dover Oestle in which tho
several ploce-names often beer neither the feinteet
resemblance to one another nor to the medem forms,
which, moreover, do not elweye exist And yet, ell of
these must needs be brought together and identified.
The same remerk applies to the two lists of the Arch-
bishop of Centerbury's knights, to the Rochester sees
end to many other lists, notebly to the tenente of the
honour of Bologne‚ which only one living scholar could
satisfactorily identify. In the seme way the honours
of Luneester cnd'Richmond take us from Yorkshire
*end Innceshire without the slightest werning into
Lincolnshire end'meny other enunties, though the
place-nemos themselves might quite es easily be re-
serred to the counties under which they ere messed.
It is only by trecing the tenente thet, here es else-
where, we ere enebled to arrivs at the truth. The

Prior of Horton, who holds Teddingthone, hod no interest

¹ P. liii.

 

